well howdy there Internet people its Bo
yeah so tonight we're going to talk
about being wrong and how it's okay to
be wrong and we're going to talk about
the sunk cost fallacy and how that
relates to thought right to do that
because today for the first time I saw
somebody mentioned the sunk cost fallacy
in relationship to thought I'd heard the
term a hundred times before it always
had to do with business
that's where the term originated and
when I saw it used that way in relation
to thought that doesn't even make sense
and I was wrong it's okay to be wrong i
sat there and thought about it I was
like that's actually a perfect analogy
it makes complete sense okay so to
understand the sunk cost fallacy first
you have to understand what a sunk cost
is a sunk cost is an expense in business
that you're not getting back it's a
capital expenditure it's money you put
out that you're not going to easily or
readily recoup now that could be
research and development it could be
advertising things that you know you
expect or it could be a bad decision
sometimes - but the key thing is it's
money that is expended its capital that
is expended that you're not going to get
back the sunk cost fallacy comes into
play when you buy a piece of equipment
and that equipments job is to make you
more productive and it doesn't work
right
doesn't do what you thought it was going
to do at that point you have two options
option one is to cut your losses waste
that money on that equipment get a new
piece of equipment and become more
productive piece of equipment that works
this time
however most people many people fall
prey to the sunk cost fallacy which is
where they say why don't waste that
money so they end up trying to take that
piece of equipment and make it work in
the process they waste a bunch of time
time is money they become less
productive and what ends up happening is
they end up wasting more money in an
attempt to not waste the initial sunk
cost a sunk cost is expended once that
money is out the door it should not play
any part in further decision-making
either this piece of equipment works or
it doesn't
it shouldn't factor in to anything in
the future because you could find out
you're wrong and it's okay to be wrong
it's okay to be wrong about something
how does this relate to thought the
exact same way you believe something and
you're wrong okay you you believe an
idea that is incorrect a whole bunch of
people this is the flu it's not a big
deal they're wrong
evidence has shown that they're wrong
but they don't want to be wrong so what
they do is they go out of their way to
present it as if they were right they
have to reject more information and
embrace let's just call them alternative
facts they have to embrace more
information the Truong just like with
the normal use of that term a capital
expenditure you end up wasting more and
more money as time goes on if you fall
prey to the sunk cost fallacy and fault
you become more and more wrong as time
goes on there's nothing wrong with being
incorrect about something everybody is
wrong about something right now an idea
that you believe to be true is false me
too everybody the problem arises when
you don't change your opinion based on
new information new information should
always change your opinion every time
you get a piece of new information you
should re-evaluate what you believe
sometimes it'll reinforce it you'll say
huh I was right and sometimes I guess I
was wrong about that one and that's okay
it's okay to be wrong the reason I think
we need to stress this is because it
takes place in business it takes place
in thought and because it takes place in
thought it takes place in politics
there's a whole bunch of people who
believed the president was something
they went out and they campaigned for
him they argued for him on Facebook then
he got elected turned out he wasn't that
person that they thought he was but they
don't want to admit that instead they
become more wrong as time goes on they
don't want to admit their initial
investment of their faith and this
candidate was bad so they invest more
and more wasting more and more how many
times have you talked to somebody who is
a Trump supporter and you're like well
you know he did he said this he never
said that here's the quote okay well he
said that but that's not what he meant
okay well this is this is what he did
well you just don't understand his grand
plan that is somebody that has fallen
prey to the sunk cost fallacy that is
somebody who is rationalizing everything
everything that comes their way that
speaks out against Dear Leader
we need to remind everybody that it's
okay to be wrong because we are going to
be going through we're gonna be going
through some things as a country we
don't need this man at the helm he's
incapable of leadership there's if you
go back through these videos I attack
his ideas a lot a lot over the years you
rarely see me attack his character
because he was never tested and I was
always willing to give him the benefit
of the doubt
that when the time came if the time came
he could rise to the occasion
the time came and he couldn't and
contrary to his little media spectacles
that he keeps putting on we're nowhere
near the end of this he's going to try
to brand his way out of it to keep those
people who are invested in that sunk
cost fallacy he's going to try to keep
them on his side we've got to find a way
to let them know it's okay to be wrong
and it's okay to change your opinion
when new information becomes available
because as we move forward eventually we
are going to be dealing with the economy
he couldn't lead given all the tools and
all the templates he had available he
couldn't just follow a simple plan I'm
not sure the man with multiple
bankruptcies is the guy to lead us out
of what we're headed into because he
himself falls victim to sunk cost
fallacy
he doesn't want to admit he's wrong so
he is slow to walk things back we need
to be responsive we need responsive
leadership weaning the articulate
leadership we need leadership that is
actually going to lead and it's not
anybody with the last name Trump anyway
it's just a thought y'all have a good
night